hey everybody Travis Brittany and I are
down here at the grass bottom Travis cut
out the other day now Brittany sitting
in the truck with the bale carrier
Travis is bailing with the 4640 and I'm
sitting here with the 7,600 what I'm
doing today since I came through and
raked it yesterday with 76 at least I
raked half of it because there's so much
hay down here that we figured we
wouldn't be able to get all that done in
one day so we figured that we'd only
break half of it and then let the rest
set for another day and then come
through and rake it this afternoon so
Brittany's got the bale carrier what I'm
going to be doing is I'm going to be
moving bales out of this part and I'm
going to be putting them onto the bale
carrier for tomorrow because we want to
move one load to be sold tomorrow so we
brought that down I'm gonna load that up
with the tractor and then I'm going to
drop off the bale carrier I'm going to
start raking this afternoon once the Sun
gets a little higher we've just had one
heck of a time trying to get everything
dry with the Sun not shining through the
haze up in the sky very effectively over
the last few days there just hasn't been
the amount of Sun that we usually get
it's been hazy like it's it like it's
muggy but it's really not that muggy out
and that's from the Canadian Alaskan
wild fires up north and hopefully that
blows leave our ear soon because we're
having a heck of a time try to get the
hay dry so Brittany sitting back there
I got start hauling in bales now and
warming them up and getting rid of them
so be sure to check out my other videos
be sure us stay tuned I'll see you next
time guys
now Travis is over here you still bail
on half of the bottom down here and as
you can see there's still a lot of spots
I hate laying across the ground and
that's because it's just so thick it's
all that's pretty much too thick for me
rig to pick up so what I'm going to do
is now the traps has gone over it the
first time I'm going to take the rake
and kind of zigzag back and forth I
guess to clean up any of the spots that
hadn't picked up before because it had
been so thick that the wreck just
couldn't get to it but now that he's
bailed out most of it I should be able
to get most of I should be able to pick
up most say with with a reasonable
amount of time I think I should get what
I want maybe four passes or less so
now let's just weave through the bales
now if you would all please look out
your left window you will notice a bale
that has a red stripe down the center
well that red stripe signifies is it's
supposed to tell the farmer that he is
at the end of his never after all and
he'll have to go back and put on the new
role the new role that rap soon or else
when he goes when the Builder goes to
rap you won't end up with any net rap of
a bale so when you start seeing that red
line it means change the role because
you're out you're out of plastic the the
bales inside the baler are turned by
belts because there's belts the wrap
around the Bale and you're never happy
okay Taedong the back of the baler what
happens is when your bales the right
size it'll automatically start wrapping
the Bale they'll drop the net ramp down
into the belt the belt will drive it to
the bale and around the Bale for a set
amount of time and then once it's
finished wrapping it will cut off and
that wrap with the knife there's a giant
knife in the back that'll swing forward
and cut the net wrap and then the
wrestling that wrap will swing down and
wrap around the rest of the Bale and
then you have your finished Bale if you
look on the back of the baler
that shield that's on the boat on the
furthest back of the baler this way your
net wrap hides
it's actually wrapping right now
I'm not sure how much later we're
planning on working while we're planning
on working quite a bit later it's 4:30
in the afternoon now I just say lunch
and we hear only maybe a little over
halfway done we started around 10:30 to
10:30 this morning after the dew had
gotten off the off the grass hopefully
we can finish this tonight if not we
might have to come back tomorrow before
the storms are won because they're
saying we're supposed to have storms
tomorrow afternoon
now I'm done with what I was doing
Travis is back there still bailing but I
have the rake so I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna head back to Rockville with this
7,600 and the rake but drop off the rake
and I'm just going to bring the tracker
back down it start all in bales try to
get some of these in and out of the
field there's no way I'm going to get a
whole lot done just by myself
but we'll probably have to come through
tomorrow or another time sometime soon
and start hauling in the bales by the
pole so I'm gonna head back
I'm not totally sure if I can back this
into the shed because it has a really
short tongue and it's really heavy so
I'm just gonna try and see what comes a
bit
looking good so far
that was kind of surprising